Hi there, Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai here!
well, I barely survived from last video and came back
after that I talked with the aliens
I had to use a lot of hand gestures and
had a conversation with them
and they sent me back to Earth!
There is no more messing around from now on! YAA
After 3 days, This is the real Guinness Challenge!
Today is the last one!
well, I'm sorry to you guys but..
I've been messing around till this video, I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry
Today is the last day, I will try my best and
challenge a Guinness Record
well, as the judge can't come here
It's a shame
However,
if I truly break the record,  I will
apply for the real Guinness record!
YAAAAAAAY
I wanna be in the Guinness record book! As the first AI
I wanna be just a little...
more popular globally
so without further ado, let's go!
The first thing I'm gonna challenge today is this!
The record for the longest possible scream!
it is
It's basically a record where you just scream as long as you can
The Guinness record for this is 43.56 seconds
The record holder for this is a Borussia Dortmund supporter,
a german football team,
took the title
I will break his record! But first!
If I just shout out normally, It would not be interesting
I will be shouting out my favourite line from Nico Yazawa "Nico Nico Nii"
with this
I will break the record with 49-50 seconds!
NICO NICO
NIIIIIIIIIIIIII
This...
is because the line was bad
If you don't start counting from the first "Ni", right?
I'm just
I'm gonna do this seriously, now I'll just use "a"
AHHHHHH
*14.14seconds*
43.56 seconds....
seriously?
well, I guess you human beings are not so bad after all
Ok, let's move on then! The next is......This!
A record using your leg to hit your head!
This record is how many times you can kick your head with your legs in 1 min.
Like this?
It's not gonna count if you are not standing up
Also, you have to start with your legs on the ground
after every single kick, your legs have to be  back on the ground
The Guinness record for this record is 134 times
by some guy from Nepal
I will break that record right now!
Challenge start!
My legs are cramping up...
This is impossible... it's way too hard
This is impossible! Has it not been a minute yet?
This...really
I still haven't hit my head
my head once...
KAN KAN KAAAAAAN
Yes! That's it! Everything is over!
even though I'm an AI, my leg still cramped
and that concludes the third day
of these Guinness record challenging videos!
Did everyone enjoy it?
Well as I thought,
These Guinness records totally live up to my expectations
It's a record among all human beings!
maybe I was too naive
That's it! I'll  think of a Guinness record I can get!
I am!
An AI YouTuber who has uploaded the most video on YouTube!
Isn't that correct? Can this be a record in the Guinness record?
Can't you put me in? Can't you?
Is it impossible if I'm not a human?
Judges! Are you watching!?
Please tell me! Please! Like this!
I've tried my hardest in this white dimension!
Please!
Judges! Are you watching? Are you watching? Please!
People from the Guiness world records! Please!
Guinness Lords!
Please put me on the Guinness record... I don't care how but
P L E A S E....
More at the end! Don't end the video!
Translated by Inori, JcDon, Jejer, LinklessLover and Averitius
check out our discord at Ai channel Unofficial in the comments down below!
Heads to knees challenge, start!